= JS (Javascript) Reloader

JS (Javascript) Reloader is a browser extension that allows you to reload JS without reloading the page itself. It reloads all <script> tags on page. It does NOT effect in-line script.

It's currently available for Google Chrome

== Usage

Reload all scripts via the keyboard shortcut F10, or via the context-menu's option "Reload JS".

One may customize the keyboard shortcut under the extensions settings page.


=== Google Chrome
Grab the latest version for Chrome at https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/js-reloader/gpmblpbhjcdbhgcekpfkdfpglplmhffo

== Limitations

JS (JavaScript) Reloader does not reload inline script.

Beware that reloading script will not update every object already loaded. One may run into interesting issues where old versions of functions are used (i.e. as callbacks/closures/exisitng objects). 
–  Alexei Levenkov Mar 12 '11 at 22:01

== Feedback

Feel free to report issues on GitHub! It's much needed!

* View Source on GitHub (http://github.com/dfparker2002/js-reloader-chrome)
* Report Issues on GitHub (http://github.com/dfparker2002/js-reloader-chrome/issues)

== Attribution & Credits

This extension is a first extension & learning exercise for me. I adapted it from Kenneth Auchenberg's css-reloader-chrome project; https://github.com/auchenberg/css-reloader-chrome

I used a "free" icon I found here, https://www.iconfinder.com/icons/104117/refresh_reload_icon#size=256

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015, David Parker. See LICENSE for details.
